Readme.md, before:

# The .NET wrapper for the ImageMagick library: Magick.NET

ImageMagick is a powerful image manipulation library that supports over [100 major file formats](www.imagemagick.org/script/formats.php) (not including sub-formats). With Magick.NET you can use ImageMagick in your C#/VB.NET/.NET Core application without having to install ImageMagick on your server or desktop.

## Documentation

For examples on how to install and use Magick.NET visit the [documentation](https://magick.codeplex.com/documentation) page.
For more information about ImageMagick go to: [http://www.imagemagick.org/](http://www.imagemagick.org/).

## Download

Click [here](https://magick.codeplex.com/releases) to download Magick.NET. You can also install Magick.NET using NuGet, click [here](https://nuget.org/profiles/dlemstra/) to see the available packages. And follow me on twitter([@MagickNET](https://twitter.com/MagickNET)) to receive information about new downloads and changes to Magick.NET and ImageMagick.

## Development build

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/5y970okju7ru901x?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/dlemstra/magick-net)

Every commit to Magick.NET is automatically build and tested with the help of [AppVeyor](http://www.appveyor.com). This build also includes the creation of a NuGet package. These packages can be downloaded from the following NuGet feed: [https://ci.appveyor.com/nuget/Magick.NET](https://ci.appveyor.com/nuget/Magick.NET). It is not recommended to use this build in a production environment.

## Donate

If you have an uncontrollable urge to give me something for the time and effort I am putting into this project then please buy me something from my [amazon wish list](http://www.amazon.co.uk/registry/wishlist/1C3TE3001VQZE) or send me an amazon gift card. If you prefer to use PayPal then [contact](https://www.codeplex.com/site/users/view/dlemstra) me to get my information. Click [here](https://magick.codeplex.com/wikipage?title=Donations) to see who already donated something.

----
_A special thanks goes out to [Snakeware](https://www.snakeware.nl) who let me spend company time on this project._

Commit message:

Added supported platforms to Readme.md.

Readme.md, after:

# The .NET wrapper for the ImageMagick library: Magick.NET

ImageMagick is a powerful image manipulation library that supports over [100 major file formats](www.imagemagick.org/script/formats.php) (not including sub-formats). With Magick.NET you can use ImageMagick in your C#/VB.NET/.NET Core application without having to install ImageMagick on your server or desktop.

## Supported Platforms

- .NET Framework (2.0 and higher)
- .NET Core (.NETStandard 1.3 and higher on Windows)

## Documentation

For examples on how to install and use Magick.NET visit the [documentation](https://magick.codeplex.com/documentation) page.
For more information about ImageMagick go to: [http://www.imagemagick.org/](http://www.imagemagick.org/).

## Download

Click [here](https://magick.codeplex.com/releases) to download Magick.NET. You can also install Magick.NET using NuGet, click [here](https://nuget.org/profiles/dlemstra/) to see the available packages. And follow me on twitter([@MagickNET](https://twitter.com/MagickNET)) to receive information about new downloads and changes to Magick.NET and ImageMagick.

## Development build

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/5y970okju7ru901x?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/dlemstra/magick-net)

Every commit to Magick.NET is automatically build and tested with the help of [AppVeyor](http://www.appveyor.com). This build also includes the creation of a NuGet package. These packages can be downloaded from the following NuGet feed: [https://ci.appveyor.com/nuget/Magick.NET](https://ci.appveyor.com/nuget/Magick.NET). It is not recommended to use this build in a production environment.

## Donate

If you have an uncontrollable urge to give me something for the time and effort I am putting into this project then please buy me something from my [amazon wish list](http://www.amazon.co.uk/registry/wishlist/1C3TE3001VQZE) or send me an amazon gift card. If you prefer to use PayPal then [contact](https://www.codeplex.com/site/users/view/dlemstra) me to get my information. Click [here](https://magick.codeplex.com/wikipage?title=Donations) to see who already donated something.

----
_A special thanks goes out to [Snakeware](https://www.snakeware.nl) who let me spend company time on this project._
